So let's go to mine she says Oh Agnes and let's go all the way in MRM.
All right let's make more room here for us and are here again and we're going to have a comment here.
We're going to say that this is going to be skills skills section on this.
And now we're going to start applying the styles.
And like I said before whenever we are working on here this right the first what we're doing is we're
designing for the small screens and it's all going to set all our rules right.
And only at the end at a responsiveness that as the screen changes so does the value.
Right.
And you'll see what I'm talking about when we're going to be actually working with media screens right
the same how we did over here with this number.
Right.
And that's when we're all going to be applying a flex properties.
So what we're going to do here is we're going to say the first thing I would want to target kills more
here like this.
And then we're going to say this would be padding and padding is going to be 40 pixels.
What I'm saying is that padding 40 pixels right you can see all around top bottom here on the site.
Right.
So now that we have padding 40 pixels for the skills.
Next we're going to target over here this individual skill.
So I'm going to say skill more here and then I'm going to say text align center then after text and
center I'm going to margin 20 pixels and then on here I'm going to say zero.
All right.
So now we have a margin on the left and right is going to be zero.
But on the top and bottom this is going to be 20.
Now we're done with skill.
We're going to say skill here and we're going to target a phantasm.
Some say skill some more here and then I'm going to say first off color some are the color of hash tag
to be more here than this is going to be 9 8 and then f 0.
Right.
So basically again we're adding this blue color.
Then after that we're going to have a padding where 20 pixels like this.
Then we're going to have a border radius radius where you know like this and all going to say this is
going to be 50 percent.
So basically what I'm doing here is I'm creating the padding and then I'm going to add a ball radius.
So this is actually going to be a circle.
So as I'm actually hovering this is going to be circle and we're going to have a few more effect than
I'm going to say or here are fun size 60 pixels here right.
So now they got bigger and then after that we're going to do a transition and I'm going to say transition
and I'm going to say transform right here 0.5 seconds right.
Ease again and again we can for the sake of it we can have easy.
Right.
So it's all been different.
Then we're going to have a background.
And this is also going to be property that will want to change.
Again let's say zero point five seconds.
He's going to have a caller here.
This is going to be 0.5 seconds.
Is he over here and now would want actual hovering effect.
So I'm going to say skill and I'm going to say far more however and here we're going to write transform.
Right.
So this is going to be the first property would want to change.
And here I'm going to say scale and scale is going to be zero point seven.
And this then we're going to have a background and a background again is going to be the blue one right.
And the color can change right.
So again basically we're going to flip it around.
So we're here we're going to have a background blue font size white.
So we're going to copy this one here and say color hash tag F5 F5 F5 like this.
We saved this more here and let's see what happens.
Right.
So you can see as I'm hovering.
First of all scale means that this is either going to be getting bigger or smaller.
So if I put 1.7 right this would actually be zooming right you can see this is what happens right.
However if I put zero point seven and this is going to get smaller.
So basically one obviously would be the same as it is right.
And if we change this value.
Bigger than 100 smaller.
That depends is resuming in zooming out or here right.
Like I said the border really or this was this created the circle right or hit like this and padding
was actually the one that adds.
How big is the circle or here.
Right.
Then after we are done with this we have two more things that you want to do and we will want to work
with this next door.
So I'm going to go back over here and we're going to say is we're going to say that this is going to
be a skill.
This and we're going to have a margin margin and this is going to be 10 pixels then this is going to
be zero.
And this is going to be 15 pixels and this is going to be another year again Left-Right zero and then
we're just changing.
All right.
We don't want it too much.
But on the bottom we would want a bigger one in order here.
We're going to say this is going to be text or here transform again.
And this is going to be capitalized.
Then after that we're going to have a font size 30 pixels on this.
Right.
So having three became bigger then we're going to have a color.
And this is going to be hash tag.
And again we're going to use the blue color so we can go ahead grabble here and use color color here
and copy this one right.
This is going to be black.
And then over here we're going to say skill and this is going to be skill paragraph.
We're hearing this and then we're going to say line right and we're going to say one point five years.
All right.
So there's going to be a little bit more Einheit over here and then we're going to say last thing and
I mean we don't need to write Yemini if we don't we're just going to be the same thing right.
Just point one point follow here right.
And then we're going to say we're here and this is going to be with us 75 percent because you can see
or hear it now that text right spanning all across.
And it looks a little bit nicer if it actually has the value.
All right.
So we hear what you see we gave it the.
But now the whole text moved that left right because it has a value.
And now we need to do margin zero right top bottom zero.
And here all right so now again and move back into metal again.
If you don't care about it that's fine.
Right.
It's just sometimes on some screens it does better if the text actually has a percentage right.
Sort of has a certain way.
And now here we can actually create more room.
And let's actually add a responsiveness right by writing the media queries.